Add default ClusterChannelProvisioner (#4343)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/event-bus/08-01-configure-default-channelprovisioner.md

---
title: Subscription
type: Configure default ClusterChannelProvisioner
---

> Kyma comes with NATSS as its default ClusterChannelProvisioner(See [default-channel-webhook](../../resources/knative-eventing/charts/knative-eventing/templates/eventing.yaml) ConfigMap). Other than NATSS, one can use any default channel provisioner of one's choice. In order to add a in-memory-channel provisioner follow this [guide](https://github.com/knative/eventing/tree/master/config/provisioners/in-memory-channel).

Reviewer: Shall we create sections for each channel provisioner so that they can be extended?

Author: Created sections now

> **Note**: Before installing this provisioner, add the annotation below to get rid of the istio-sidecar [here](https://github.com/knative/eventing/blob/master/config/provisioners/in-memory-channel/in-memory-channel.yaml#L107) for the in-memory-channel-controller.

> ```yaml

Reviewer: we can provide a few more lines for the yaml to make it recognizable.

Author: added

annotations:
  sidecar.istio.io/inject: "false"
```

> The default cluster channel provisioner can be changed by editing the [default-channel-webhook](../../resources/knative-eventing/charts/knative-eventing/templates/eventing.yaml) ConfigMap with the name of the ClusterChannelProvisioner. E.g. for in-memory ClusterChannelProvisioner, see [here](https://github.com/knative/eventing/blob/master/config/400-default-channel-config.yaml).

Reviewer: Should a pure yaml file need to go to assets or are you intending it to show up in the documentation?

---
title: Subscription
type: Configure default ClusterChannelProvisioner
---

> Kyma comes with NATSS as its default ClusterChannelProvisioner(See [default-channel-webhook](../../resources/knative-eventing/charts/knative-eventing/templates/eventing.yaml) ConfigMap). Other than NATSS, one can use any default channel provisioner of one's choice. Following are some provisioners which can be used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Kyma comes with NATSS as its default ClusterChannelProvisioner.  You can see the configuration details in the [default-channel-webhook](../../resources/knative-eventing/charts/knative-eventing/templates/eventing.yaml) ConfigMap . You can, however, use other default channel provisioner of your choice. An example can be the in-memory-channel provisioner.
```
Maybe we can also add the configuration part (as below) for the user to be sure where it is and what it looks like? Then in the next point we can reference it (instead of linking to the same place). 

```
apiVersion: v1
data:
  default-channel-config: |
    clusterdefault:
      apiversion: eventing.knative.dev/v1alpha1
      kind: ClusterChannelProvisioner
      name: natss
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: default-channel-webhook
  namespace: knative-eventing
  labels:
    "helm.sh/hook": "pre-install"

```

> Kyma comes with NATSS as its default ClusterChannelProvisioner.  You can see the configuration details in the [default-channel-webhook](../../resources/knative-eventing/charts/knative-eventing/templates/eventing.yaml) ConfigMap . You can, however, use other default channel provisioner of your choice. An example can be the in-memory-channel provisioner.

Reviewer 2: Remove the space between ConfigMap and the dot.

Author: done

### In-memory-channel

> In order to add an in-memory-channel provisioner follow this [guide](https://github.com/knative/eventing/tree/master/config/provisioners/in-memory-channel).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow this [guide](https://github.com/knative/eventing/tree/master/config/provisioners/in-memory-channel) to to add an in-memory-channel provisioner.
```

> > **Note**: Before installing this provisioner, add the annotation in the podTemplate.Spec [here](https://github.com/knative/eventing/blob/master/config/provisioners/in-memory-channel/in-memory-channel.yaml#L107) in the `in-memory-channel-controller` Deployment to get rid of the istio-sidecar.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: Before installing this provisioner, add the following annotation to the [`podTemplate.Spec`](https://github.com/knative/eventing/blob/master/config/provisioners/in-memory-channel/in-memory-channel.yaml#L107) in the `in-memory-channel-controller` Deployment to remove the Istio sidecar.
```

```yaml
template:
  annotations:
    sidecar.istio.io/inject: "false"
    metadata:
      labels: *labels
```

> The default cluster channel provisioner can be changed by editing the [default-channel-webhook](../../resources/knative-eventing/charts/knative-eventing/templates/eventing.yaml) ConfigMap with the name of the ClusterChannelProvisioner. E.g. for in-memory-channel ClusterChannelProvisioner, see [here](https://github.com/knative/eventing/blob/master/config/400-default-channel-config.yaml).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can change the default cluster channel provisioner by editing the ClusterChannelProvisioner entry in the `default-channel-webhook` ConfigMap. For an example of the in-memory-channel ClusterChannelProvisioner configuration, see [this file](https://github.com/knative/eventing/blob/master/config/400-default-channel-config.yaml).
```

Author: done
